c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\bin\Debug\SimpleReader.exe.config
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\bin\Debug\SimpleReader.exe
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\bin\Debug\SimpleReader.pdb
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.g.resources
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.exe
c:\users\царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.pdb
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\BookAddingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\BookAddingWindow.baml
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\bin\Debug\AxInterop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\bin\Debug\Interop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\Interop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\AxInterop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SimpleReader.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\EditWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\EditWindow.baml
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SettingsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\SettingsWindow.baml
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\Startup.g.cs
C:\Users\Царь\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleReader\SimpleReader\obj\Debug\Startup.baml
